Runtime 5.0.1 release notes + Astronomer providers refactor (#683)
astronomer/docs: astro/deferrable-operators.md

> 

Reviewer: @jwitz Can you rename section per convo with Rob yesterday to, `Astronomer Deferrable Operators` instead of `Astronomer's`

Reviewer: JK - you got it! Resolving

> In addition to the deferrable operators that are published by the Apache Airflow open source project, Astronomer maintains [`astronomer-providers`](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers), an open source collection of deferrable operators bundled as a provider package. This package is installed on Astro Runtime by default and includes deferrable versions of popular operators such as the `ExternalTaskSensor`, `DatabricksRunNowOperator`, and `SnowflakeOperator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the deferrable operators that are published by the Apache Airflow open source project, Astronomer maintains [`astronomer-providers`](https://astronomer-providers.readthedocs.io/en/stable/), an open source collection of deferrable operators bundled as a provider package.

This package is installed on Astro Runtime by default and includes deferrable versions of dozens of operators, including the `ExternalTaskSensor`, `DatabricksRunNowOperator`, and `SnowflakeOperator`.
```

Reviewer: Add an example? I don't think it's meant to be "copy-paste-able" but just to show the "path" of astronomer provider operators

> To import a deferrable operator from `astronomer-providers`, add its corresponding import statement to your DAG.
>
> To use `DatabricksSubmitRunOperatorAsync`, for example, the import statement might be:
> 
>    ```python
>    from astronomer.providers.databricks.operators.databricks import DatabricksSubmitRunOperatorAsync
>    ```

Author: My problem with this is that we are essentially repeating the same info in "Using Deferrable Operators", and it might be confusing if we are providing separate import instructions for Astronomer deferrable operators as if the process is any different. I don't think a pipeline author would get too much out of knowing an "example path" for providers and is much more interested in what providers are available/ what the code is via the link we provide.

> For a complete list of available deferrable operators in `astronomer-providers` , see the [`astronomer-providers` CHANGELOG](https://astronomer-providers.readthedocs.io/en/stable/). This page includes both import statements and example DAGs for each available operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every new version of Astro Runtime includes the latest stable version of the `astronomer-providers` package. Depending on the version of Astro Runtime you're running, not all deferrable operators may be available. For a complete list of deferrable operators available in `astronomer-providers`, see the [`astronomer-providers` CHANGELOG](https://astronomer-providers.readthedocs.io/en/stable/). This page includes both import statements and example DAGs for each available operator.
```

Reviewer: Let's include this additional note on versioning?

Author: I don't think the first statement is true, as the Runtime versions can get out of sync with the latest providers. For instance, 5.0.1 includes `astronomer-providers` 1.2.0, but `astronomer-providers` is now on `1.3.0`.

Reviewer: Hm that's fair. I do think a note on this is important given our lack or runtime architecture doc - WDYT we should say?

> As new deferrable operators are published, Astronomer will pull in new versions of the `astronomer-providers` package as part of the Astro Runtime release cycle. Depending on the version of Astro Runtime you're running, not all deferrable operators may be available.

Author: We already say "this package is installed on Astro Runtime by default" so I'm not sure how much more information we need to provide. What this boils down to is "Some deferrable operators are only available on the latest version of `astronomer-providers`, which is self-evident. 

We can add more info on this when we do a Runtime Architecture doc. Because the focus of this doc is deferrable operators (and people can install the latest provider package if they want regardless of their Runtime version), I don't think it's appropriate to include Runtime specific info here.

> For a complete list of available deferrable operators in `astronomer-providers` , see the [`astronomer-providers` CHANGELOG](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/blob/main/CHANGELOG.rst#100-2022-03-01). This page includes both import statements and example DAGs for each available operator.

Author: ```suggestion
For a complete list of available deferrable operators in `astronomer-providers` , see the [`astronomer-providers` CHANGELOG](https://astronomer-providers.readthedocs.io/en/stable/). This page includes both import statements and example DAGs for each available operator.
```
